recently satellite cameras
exposed a well hidden secret in
the rain force of Africa
distinct clearings buried deep
within the forest
these strange islands are
located in the northwest corner
of the Republic of Congo where
an expanse of lush vegetation
makes up words Allah national
part the Westerners were unaware
of these clearings local people
call them buys in the damn
morning light creatures
cautiously approach to buy
it's a group of western lowland
gorillas a large male sports a
waistcoat of white hair
a symbol of his dominance at
more than 300 pounds this
silverback rules a harem of
unrelated emails and family
members on any given day
several groups may share the buy
in peace but the equilibrium is
fragile here and easily upset
this morning a young solitaire
email is also on the scene he
Swagger's in perhaps for a drink
and a bite to eat
but to him the x is also an
attractive singles bar a place
where he can I the market of
potential mates
the young females give him the
once-over and he conducts
himself with style casually
moving to an even better vantage
point a dominant silverback has
enormous responsibilities
looking out for the welfare of
his group his family relies on
him for guidance for leadership
for protection
any challenge to a silverback
authority is a potential threat
to the stability of his family
this one tries to ignore the
intruder in their midst
but how long can he hold out
with the rush of confidence
the single male dances across
the by creating a spectacle
yeah
the silverback has seen enough
they silently but aggressively
face off
yeah
ok
far-out matched the young male
turns tail and runs
calm restored the by returns to
its more peaceful state